Hello!

This is the readme for the iNaturalist updater. iNaturalist is a website that contains observation data
regarding animals/plants/bugs/etc. This updater needs 2 files from the user:

1: an input file
  The file optionally contains the taxon id that is provided by iNaturalist, and it must have the scientific
  species name. Example:

  OK:
    52773	Poanes zabulon
  Also OK:
  	Poanes zabulon
  Not OK:
    52773

2: a config file
 This is something that should be changed, but this was a simple solution to a more complex problem I didn't
 want to deal with. All of the parameters are required to be at the beginning of the file. I don't think that
 order of parameters matters (although I haven't tested it) but to be safe, leave it in the order it is given
 in. The file must be called "config.txt" and be in the config file. These are the following parameters with
 example arguments that could be inputted.

2.1:

 date1 10 1 2017

 This value is the first date you would like to start searching for.
 IT IS IN MONTH/DAY/YEAR Days don't really matter though, it is going to search the entire month regardless

 2.2:

 date2 12 1 2017

 This value is the second date you would like to search for. In this example the date range is October 2017
 to December 2017. This is an optional parameter. If you exclude it the program will default to the current
 day/month/year.

 2.3:

 call_rate .01

 iNaturalist doesn't like when you make a crap ton of calls really fast. To avoid this, the call_rate parameter
 limits the amount of calls that will be made to their servers. This is in seconds, it is optional (I think) and
 leaving it out won't limit the calls. I advise you not do this. In the example, .01 would be 1 call per 10 ms.
 you could likely lower it to .005 or .001 if you wanted to increase the speed of calls. If you are just looking
 up a small amount of species, the call rate doesn't really matter (lowering it isn't going to increase the speed
 all that much, and raising it won't really matter either).

2.4:

 output_file ../data/out.csv

 This is the location of the output file. It is required.

 2.5:

 input_file ../data/test_input.csv

 This is the location of the input file that was mentioned above in 1. It is also required.

 2.6:

 taxon_id t

 CURRENTLY THIS DOES NOT WORK. LEAVE AS 't' or 'T' and include the taxon ids in the input file.
 This is the indicator telling the program if there are taxon ids in the input file. It is required, but if you don't
 know what to do with this, you can leave it as false (which is 'f' or 'F').



3: How do I run this?

open a shell and run this command. The dependency is that you need python installed.

python updater.py

It is that easy.
